[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: Any questions on
Google Analytics before we wrap it up?
>> Speaker 2: There was somebody was
asking if you use load balancing for
the Postgres?
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yes.
So, there isn't a load balancer
in front of Postgres there.
If you use RDS,
they do have a master-slave setu,p and
there's a fair degree of resilience
that's just built into that as a service.
But there isn't a load
balancer on top of Postgres,
mostly because like the, it's not exactly
the same as like an HTTP request.
We actually have a number
of open TCP connections
between our EC2 instances and
our Postgres instance.
It can handle quite a few
concurrent open connections,
but it doesn't sort of handle
traffic in that same way.
So there isn't a load balancer
in front of Postgres, per se.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Cool, so
it's all we're gonna cover.
Obviously we haven't
covered the entire universe
of what's going to be necessary to get to.
Get your application into production.
But the hope is that,
the application that we've presented and
worked on together over the last couple
days gives you the starting point for
getting your application out the door.
We've integrated in this application a lot
of tools and technologies that you will
bring to bear If you're gonna actually
operate this application in production.
The build tooling,
the technology stack, the monitoring,
the ability to understand
the performance implications of
your application after
it''s been deployed.
Infrastructure that with some
tuning can be made to handle
a whole bunch of load for
a reasonably sized web application.
So what I hope you'll walk
away from is a starting point
to start building your own stack,
but if you start from this one and
just build on top of it,
I think you'll ultimately be pretty happy.
And if you have any questions as you go,
my email address is KW@twilio.com.
I'd be happy to answer any questions
that you might have to
the very best of my ability.
I'm on the Twitters @KevinWhinnery,
so you can follow me there as well
where I mostly talk about nerd stuff.
And I'm really grateful for
having had the chance to spend this
time with you over the last couple days.
And I'll hang out today.
I know a couple of you are still
trying to get stuff running, so
I'm happy to stay here
until everybody is up and
running with as much of
the stack as they would like.
So thank you very much, I appreciate it.
>> [APPLAUSE]